A data field that displays the heart rate zone value corresponding to the current workout target heart rate.

When the data field shows no decimal point, it means that the target is to be in one of your heart rate zones.

When the data field does show a decimal point, it means that the target is to be in a heart rate range that does not exactly match one of your heart rate zones.
In this case, the value displayed can be configured in the app settings between the low limit of the heart range, the high limit of the heart rate range or the average of the heart rate range.

Some examples:
- When the workout target is a heart rate zone, the data field displays the heart rate zone with no decimal point. For example, if the target is zone 2, the data field will display "2".

- When the target is specified as a low and high heart rate limits, and those limits match one of your heart rate zones, the data field displays that heart rate zone with no decimal point. For example, if the target is to be between 170 and 190 bpm and that happens to be your zone 5, the data field will display "5".

- When the target is specified as a low and high heart rate limits, and those limits do not match one of your heart rate zones, the data field displays the heart rate zone value corresponding to the average of both values, with a decimal point. For example, if the target is to be between 160 and 180 bpm, and your zone 5 is 170-190 bpm, the data field will display "5.0".

When there's no active workout or the current workout step target is not heart rate, the data field displays "--".

--------------------------------------
DID YOU FOUND AN ERROR?

If you found a a problem, or something is not working as you'd expect, please open a new issue on GitHub:
https://github.com/ferranpujolcamins/GarminDataFields/issues/new/choose

----------------------------
DO YOU NEED HELP?

If you have any questions, you need help, you want to share a feature idea, or anything else, please start a discussion on GitHub:
https://github.com/ferranpujolcamins/GarminDataFields/discussions/new

----------------
DONATIONS

You can use this data field for free. However, you can show your appreciation by making a donation. Any amount is very appreciated! Among other things, this helps me get more devices to test my fields on.
https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=SNYLYZW7C6NMQ